Analytical and detail-oriented Mathematical Engineering graduate with a solid foundation in data science, machine learning, and AI.
Experienced in image processing, particularly in noise removal using Convolutional Autoencoders and classification problems. Familiar
with using TensorFlow and skilled in data analysis, statistical modeling, and machine learning methods. Portfolio of projects showcased
on GitHub. Eager to leverage theoretical knowledge and practical skills to contribute to a dynamic team and add value to the company.
S K I L L S:
Python 3
Matlab
Java
C++
English

EDUCATION:
Istanbul Technical University, Istanbul
Mathematics Engineering

I had a one-month summer internship experience at TURKCELL where I worked in the IT department. I had the opportunity to
work one-on-one with my mentor while developing our web application project for a month. It was a productive process where I
remembered the infrastructure required to develop a simple store and learned what I lacked. Programs used during
development of the application; Java, postgreSQL and spring framework.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
TURKCELL, İstanbul
Aug 2023 - Sep 2023
Softtech, İstanbul
Aug 2022 - Sep 2022
My internship at Softtech was productive. I received various training on the sector and working life. We formed a group
with other interns. We developed an android application covering payment systems and travel issues. In our application;
we used Java, android studio and postgreSQL. I mostly took part in database formation in postreSQL and backend in Java.

PROJECTS:
Image Classifier With CNN Model and Gradio Interface:
Created a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to classify images of fruits and vegetables. The model was trained
using a diverse dataset and improved by adjusting its layers and settings to get accurate predictions.
Additionally, developed an easy-to-use interface with the gradio library.
Removing Noise from Images Using Convolutional Auto-Encoders (Graduation Thesis)
A detailed article was written on computer vision, deep learning and noise removing. In the experimental process,
image noise was removed by using convolutional autoencoders. The model was developed as a result of
hyperparameter settings. In addition, the results of the deep learning model are compared with traditional filtering
models such as gaussian filter, bilateral filter and median filter and the results are documented. Studies on
generalised noise removing model were also carried out.

Machine Learning and Data Science (Garanti Project):
This was a classification project. There were two different datasets, city and house data. The data was merged. New
columns have been added to increase accuracy in machine learning methods with feature engineering. Data cleaning
processes were monitored and outlier values were filled with new predicted scores. Some features were deleted to
prevent multicollinearity problem. Data leakage problem was taken into consideration and data was prepared to be
trained. Finally, cat boost and random forest classifier models were run. Grid search and validation curve
methods were used for hyperparameter tuning.

Machine Learning and Data Science (Airbnb project):
In the 'Data Analysis in Fund.Sciences' course, data analysis processes are covered in detail and the working principles of
machine learning models are covered in mathematical details. This project is one of the assignments of this course. Some
feature engineering methods were used to generate meaningful information between data columns. Outlier
detection methods were used and dealt with. The random forest model was used for predictions and the validation
curve for hyperparameter tuning was analysed to decide on the best possible model.

Book Store Web Application:
For my Java course, I designed a bookstore application on the web. A book application design that includes basic features
such as buying and selling transactions, adding and removing books, filtering and so on has been implemented in java
language.

Distance measurement sensor and graphic generator using Matlab and Ardunio.
To view these projects and more, please visit my GitHub page.
